link fix (#1149)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/learn/pages/data/data.adoc

If non-zero, this determines the point at which the document is removed from the system.
The value can be set either per-document, by means of Couchbase SDK APIs (which is referred to as _TTL_); or per bucket, by means of Couchbase Web Console, the Couchbase CLI, or the Couchbase REST API (which is referred to as _Bucket TTL_).
+

> For information on _TTL_, see xref:java-sdk:howtos:kv-operations.adoc#expiration-ttl[Core Operations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on _TTL_, see xref:java-sdk:howtos:kv-operations.adoc[Key Value Operations].
```

I don't see the `#expiration-ttl` ID on the target page. Is this ID on an included partial, or perhaps you're planning to add it to the page directly in a parallel PR? The suggestion above is a potential alternative if you don't have a direct target for this at the moment.

Author: Thanks - will fix with Java's version of the anchor tag...

> For information on _Expiration_, see xref:java-sdk:howtos:kv-operations.adoc#document-expiration[KV Operations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on _Expiration_, see xref:java-sdk:howtos:kv-operations.adoc#document-expiration[Key Value Operations].
```
